Oh
two bits are go so take a look at my
hair now because this is the last you're
gonna see of it I'm currently heading to
a barber at least I think I am I haven't
actually been to one down here yet I
moved down here if you remember back
last August I and I have not gotten my
haircut since before that is like a week
before i move so as you can see i fell
to get in the air cut got there a little
late thinking was they closed at six and
it was after seven by the time i got
there and they had a big sign up saying
closed for fourth of july so no haircut
today no haircut tomorrow so instead of
showing you a new haircut today earlier
today I was at a little festivity in a
one of the local towns around here
we ended up I had brought ender we were
able to catch the parade that they had
but then right after the parade we're
starting to look around a little and
actually had asked to leave apparently
there was for this festivity a no dog
ordinance so yeah that wasn't too fun
anyway roll the clip happy fourth of
July everyone and I will see you all
again tomorrow and then hit by Tuesday
you should see my new hair so have a
good day guys happy 4th
buddy it's okay
like it
Oh
you
really who knows eating
Oh
you